is fun but however his life is not out
of danger yet he is in shock and Geeks
breaking out into the Sun cotton eyed
Joe to be specific well anyway would
anyone like to see you in recovery hey
to me daddy oh my see Toby I'm sorry
this is all my fault can you ever ever
forgive me oh I'm sorry dad miscut Nigel
up in that big stew me touch my heart
hey Toby well I know you might not know
me right now but it is me shadow the
high I am sorry you're hurt I still
believe you will get better and so I
still expect my emerald back c yok Tony
well that should do for now great that
is all I can say ray I will see you all
later
later that night well I'm the only one
left best go see Toby hey Toby I am so
sorry I know how it feels to be
immobilized here this comb this should
help heal
you
saying plenty silver